Remove contributors file from NVDA, read license as HTML (#17600)
nvaccess/nvda: copying.txt

Reviewer: Should this be renamed to `LICENSE.md` while add it? This ensures that GitHub will also be able to view the license. See [this documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository#including-an-open-source-license-in-your-repository)

Author: we'd have to update every copyright header to reference license.md rather than copying.txt. It doesn't seem worth breaking existing links to the file

Author: I think its worth doing this in a separate issue/PR

NVDA is available under the GNU General Public License version 2, with two special exceptions.
The exceptions are outlined in the sections "Non-GPL Components in Plugins and Drivers" and "Microsoft Distributable Code".
NVDA also includes and uses components which are made available under different free and open source licenses.

> Information about how to obtain and build the code for yourself is available at http://community.nvda-project.org/wiki/AccessingAndRunningSourceCode.

Reviewer 2: This link no longer works.
```suggestion
Information about how to obtain and build the code for yourself is available at <https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/blob/master/projectDocs/dev/contributing.md>.
```

All applicable licenses are included below.

> ## GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Reviewer 2: Can you please place the link to the GPL in angle brackets so it's picked up by markdown?

Plugins and drivers, including those provided by third parties, are considered derivative works of NVDA and must therefore be licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2.
As a special exception, an NVDA plugin or driver (as defined in the NVDA Developer Guide) may use components under other licenses provided that:

a. Any such component does not prevent the NVDA plugin or driver from being licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2; and

b. Any such component does not directly use and is not directly used by any portion of NVDA outside of that plugin or driver.
For example, a speech synthesizer driver may use a speech synthesiser under a proprietary license.
In contrast, in a plugin providing support for an application, the code which implements any interface provided by NVDA must be licensed under the GNU General Public License version 2.

## Microsoft Distributable Code

This applies to the following files:

> * mfc*.dll
> * Microsoft.VC*.manifest
> * msvc*.dll

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `mfc*.dll`
* `Microsoft.VC*.manifest`
* `msvc*.dll`
```
